Up I'm Phd here. And yes, this is the nothing phone. The first phone from the startup that gave us than nothing year one earbuds in twenty twenty one. A big step into establishing their own ecosystem that they're building and it looks familiar, but also very different. So we live in an age right now where so many of the top phones, the most popular phones are designed to appeal to the masses. That's the point of them. And so they all end up kind of looking basically the same. All very similar, You know, big screen up on the front. Couple cameras on the back, a couple pale colors, nothing too crazy, just a glass slab. So if a startup where to come along and make another average phone, it would probably fit in pretty nice, but there wouldn't really be any reason to switch to it to buy that one. So what nothing is done is they've made a pretty unique looking phone that also happens to have a bunch of cool features surrounding that unique look. Think it's pretty sick. Now this phone isn't out yet Fyi. It's coming around July twelfth. So definitely get subscribed to make sure you see the full review of the entire phone and everything about it when it does come out. But until then, what I am allowed to show you now is the back of the phone. So the year one earbuds that came from them last year, played off of this transparency theme. Not fully transparent, but definitely with some clear plastic bits that look cool and then reveal some shielding inside that's strategically placed and painted to look sweet. That's kind of a look this phone also has going on too, but the way that it really stands out is with these lights on the back. So the phone has what I would basically call the ultimate notification Led. So the notification Led on back of phone has been a dying breed lately. You don't seem them very much. But when you do, which is rare, it's so nice to just have like a subtle little glowing Led that just tells you what's going on, And you can tell if you have a new phone call or text message or a new tweet. And this is a sort of a exaggerated all out version of that. So there are just over nine hundred Making up a pattern across the whole back of this phone. Around the dual cameras around the wireless charging pad in the middle, and then some stripes up into the corner and then down by the charging port at the bottom and they do a great job frosting over them. So the glow really cleanly appears as just a solid continuous light bar So they call it the gl interface and it has a bunch of real functionality. So first of all, it does light up and pulse for your notifications. It'll also light up and glow when your wireless charging or reverse wireless charging, which is neat. But there's also a feature where when you plug into Usb c to charge, it lights up that bottom bar and then acts as a progress bar indicator. And, of course, you wouldn't want that to stay lit up all the time, so it turns off but anytime you wanna check on it, all you gotta do is just wiggle the phone a little bit and it lights up again, so you can see how far you've gotten. That is dope. The entire gl interface can light up at once as a fill light for the cameras. These are pretty bright Leds. Normally some lights on the back phone, I wouldn't say make much of a difference, but for some sort of close ups subjects or in darker rooms, this can actually make a difference versus the normal flash. That's all on the back of the phone. Plus there is a blinking red light on the back here, which is a recording indicator when your recording videos. And then nothing has built an entire user interface into the settings that let you control exactly how the lights work when they turn on and what they light up for. So the most impressive part to me, for sure, is there are ten built in ringtone. And you might not use ring tones that much, but these are cool. They each have a light pattern that lights up to perfectly match the ringtone. And so then you can pair ring tones with certain contacts. So when you see a certain light pattern, even when the phone is muted, you know who's calling you by looking at it. And on launch, you'll be able to have different light patterns for notifications from different apps too. I imagine they can add more stuff like this through software updates over time. But that is a really interesting actually new feature in a smartphone. We don't see that very often. So that's pretty cool. Now whether it'll be enough to actually get people to buy the phone or whether it impress people who would usually put a case on their phone anyway, that will have to wait into until launch to see but I think it looks pretty sick. Honestly, it looks like a movie prop in my hand in certain environments. Plus I'm I'm sure there's a clear case. Coming from nothing. I think know that there's, like renders floating out there, the most common description I've seen of the look at this phone is like, oh, it just looks like an iphone twelve with a transparent back, which sure, you know, with the dual cameras and the general shape, you could reduce it to that if you want to, but also that's pretty cool actually. But but actually, for what it's worth, a clear backed iphone twelve would look like this, which is a little bit different. So love it hate it. Nothing's looks kinda different. So no matter what happens with the rest of the phone, mission accomplished there. I guess the question we're left with at this point is does this work? Like, is this different enough looking to actually work? Are people gonna buy it? Are they gonna wanna actually switch to this slightly different looking phone over this safe bet. And I guess that the answer really is it's a real strategy. Like, look at these three phones. There's a na a league of legends phone, a Dragon ball z phone, all super unique, deep collaborations with custom packaging, custom designs, wall wallpapers, icon packs, the whole thing. They go the extra mile. So this strategy of standing out with a cool features or or sweet design is very intentionally to steal away a small amount of the most loyal customers. It's literally a customer acquisition cost. And maybe if the first run is successful enough, then they can make a slightly more broadly appealing slightly better phone overall that sells more. And if that one works, then they can make an even more broadly appealing phone that sells even more. And then even more broadly appealing and even more until you've made a very broadly appealing phone that sells the most, but that feels like it abandoned your original fan base. Sound familiar. Anyway. This phone is definitely super different. I think the lights are pretty cool, but we'll love to see how it goes someone keep an eye on. Thanks for watching. Catch you guys the next one.